fix(plugins/statsd & opentelemetry): add return values for funcs called in batch queue (#10052)
Kong/kong: CHANGELOG.md

  [#9877](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9877)
- **JWT**: Deny requests that have different tokens in the jwt token search locations. Thanks Jackson 'Che-Chun' Kuo from Latacora for reporting this issue.
  [#9946](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9946)

> - **Statsd**: Fix a bug that the batch queue in statsd can't get the right result when processing batch entries produced by this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Statsd**: Fix a bug in the StatsD plugin batch queue processing where metrics are published multiple times
```
